com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/ClienteDAOImpl.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.ClienteDAOImpl
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/ViewUsuarioBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.ViewUsuarioBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Utils/RetrofitSingleton.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.RetrofitSingleton
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/RegisterBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.RegisterBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.BuildConfig
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/FragmentGestorBillboardBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.FragmentGestorBillboardBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/EditarEliminarClienteBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.EditarEliminarClienteBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/UserRFInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.UserRFInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/Utils/LoadingDialog.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.LoadingDialog
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/FragmentGestorAlimentoBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.FragmentGestorAlimentoBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/DAO.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.DAO
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/GestorAsientos.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.GestorAsientos
com/example/cinepolisapp/Modelo/Cliente.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Modelo.Cliente
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.LoginActivity
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.LoginActivity$2
com/example/cinepolisapp/Modelo/Blank.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Modelo.Blank
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/FragmentGestorUsersBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.FragmentGestorUsersBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.RegisterActivity
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.RegisterActivity$4
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/EditarEliminarPeliculaBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.EditarEliminarPeliculaBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/GestorCartelera.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.GestorCartelera
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/AsientosDAOImplementation.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.AsientosDAOImplementation
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/GestorPeliculas.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.GestorPeliculas
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/EditarEliminarClientesBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.EditarEliminarClientesBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/ViewGestorBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.ViewGestorBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/FilteredFoodInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.FilteredFoodInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/AlimentoDAOImplementation.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.AlimentoDAOImplementation
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/EditarAlimentoBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.EditarAlimentoBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/AlimentoRFInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.AlimentoRFInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/Blank.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.Blank
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/FragmentGestorPeliculasBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.FragmentGestorPeliculasBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/DAORetrofit.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.DAORetrofit
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/ConfiguracionFuncionBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.ConfiguracionFuncionBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/GestorClientes.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.GestorClientes
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/AgregarPeliculaBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.AgregarPeliculaBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Modelo/Asiento.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Modelo.Asiento
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/UtilRFInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.UtilRFInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.LoginBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/ControladorAplicacion.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.ControladorAplicacion
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/AgregarAlimentoBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.AgregarAlimentoBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/PeliculaRFInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.PeliculaRFInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/PeliculaEspecialInterface.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.PeliculaEspecialInterface
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/DAO/PeliculaDAOImplementation.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.DAO.PeliculaDAOImplementation
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.DatePickerFragment
com/example/cinepolisapp/Controlador/GestorAlimentos.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Controlador.GestorAlimentos
com/example/cinepolisapp/MyView.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.MyView
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/PeliculasDisponiblesBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.PeliculasDisponiblesBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Modelo/Pelicula.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Modelo.Pelicula
com/example/cinepolisapp/Modelo/Alimento.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Modelo.Alimento
com/example/cinepolisapp/databinding/LoadingBoxBinding.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.databinding.LoadingBoxBinding
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/UsersAdminActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.UsersAdminActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/TestActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.TestActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/AlimentoAdminActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.AlimentoAdminActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/HomeAdminActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.HomeAdminActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.MainActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Vista/BillboardAdminActivity.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Vista.BillboardAdminActivity
com/example/cinepolisapp/Utils/Alerta.java
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.Alerta
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.Alerta$1
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.Alerta$2
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.Alerta$3
 com.example.cinepolisapp.Utils.Alerta$4
